docs: document use of precompiled proxies and compiler version for proxies (#1210)
OpenZeppelin/openzeppelin-upgrades: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/faq.adoc

* **Different versions of `@openzeppelin/upgrades-core` may use different compiler versions** and different versions of the proxy contracts from https://docs.openzeppelin.com/contracts[OpenZeppelin Contracts]. Upgrading `@openzeppelin/upgrades-core` or `@openzeppelin/hardhat-upgrades` may change the precompiled proxy bytecodes.

* **For consistent proxy bytecodes across chains**, you should use the same versions of `@openzeppelin/hardhat-upgrades` and `@openzeppelin/upgrades-core` for all deployments. This is particularly important for **source code verification**, since the verification process depends on the exact compiler version and settings used to produce the deployed bytecode.

> NOTE: The Foundry Upgrades library (https://github.com/OpenZeppelin/openzeppelin-foundry-upgrades[`openzeppelin-foundry-upgrades`]) compiles proxy contracts as part of the project's build process using the project's own compiler configuration, so this behavior is specific to the Hardhat plugin.

Reviewer: I would clarify this as follows, since currently it is a bit ambiguous:
```suggestion
NOTE: The Foundry Upgrades library (https://github.com/OpenZeppelin/openzeppelin-foundry-upgrades[`openzeppelin-foundry-upgrades`]) compiles proxy contracts as part of the project's build process using the project's own compiler configuration, so the above behavior is specific to the Hardhat plugin only.
```

Author: done @ericglau thanks for the comment.
